Document helm rollbacks (#181)
pluralsh/documentation: pages/reference/troubleshooting.md

  general, just hop into our Discord for help.
---

## Helm Errors

> Helm can be tempermental at times, here are some errors that will ocassionally pop up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helm can be temperamental at times, so here are some errors that may pop up during your deployments:
```

> ### another operation (install/upgrade/rollback) is in progress

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Another operation (install/upgrade/rollback) is in progress
```

`helm upgrade --install --skip-crds --namespace APP APP /path/to/chart 2023/03/23 02:02:15 another operation (install/upgrade/rollback) is in progress`

> In this case you need to roll back your helm release to the last successful version.  You can do this by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case you need to roll back your Helm release to the last successful version.  You can do this by running these two commands:
```
